1618 docs adds eth_maxFeePG (#1621)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/api/index.md

</Tabs>

### `eth_maxPriorityFeePerGas`

> Returns an estimate of how much priority fee, in wei, you need to provide to be included in a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an estimate of how much priority fee, in wei, you can pay to get a transaction included in the current block.
```

#### Parameters

None

#### Returns

> `result`: _hexidecimal_ value in wei

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`result`: _hexadecimal_ value in wei
```
